Add documentation and testing for Circle CI integration (#27)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/integrations.md

</details>
<details><summary>CircleCI</summary>
<p>

> Store your Semgrep API token in a Circle CI context named "semgrep".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Store your Semgrep API token in a CircleCI context named `semgrep`.
```
